
Node.js comes with virtual environment called REPL (aka Node shell). REPL stands for Read-Eval-Print-Loop. 
It is a quick and easy way to test simple Node.js/JavaScript code. 

.break or ctrl+c = break the code
.help = help commands
.exit = exit from node

In js, we can use single quote and double quote in string

semicolon are optional in js

Type "process. + tab" in node cmd , we will get the all the option for that process(node cmd process)  
ex - process.title
ex - process.version
ex - process.argv - returns number of arguments which has been passed

typeof can be used for getting the type the variable

typeof console.log = function
typeof console = object

+ = addition and concatenation
* = only muliplication even if one is string and other is number
Beacause in case of multiply , it will try t convert everything to number if it is not able to
then it will give NaN

---------------
An object is a container which includes state and behaviour.

we get state from the properties
and behaviour from methods

console is an object in js
It has following methods-
log,warn,error,....

process is an object who show the state 
It has following properties ot attributes
argv,exit,title,...

Type "console + enter",
you will get all the methods in the console object

----------
require and exports

"exports" is an object in js ,
we can create a property for the "exports"
and assign any object or anything other to that property

"require" is a method for getting the file,
the "require" assigned variable will get the whole "export" object.
and not one property of the export object.
-----------
"nodeunit"

nodeunit is a package is for node js unit testing

If we are using one file for more than one test , then those tests can effect
other tests, so we should set different environment for each test

To set the different environment for each test,use exports["setUp"],
this method will be called each time before next test.
In this method we can set anything so that next test will not affect.


